Fix Metal Mipmap Behvior (#3610)
gfx-rs/wgpu: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

#### Metal

> - Fix incorrect mipmap being sampled when using `MinLod <= 0.0` and `MaxLod >= 32.0` or when the fragment shaders in the same squad sample different Lods. By @cwfitzgerald in [#3610](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3610).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix incorrect mipmap being sampled when using `MinLod <= 0.0` and `MaxLod >= 32.0` or when the fragment shader samples different Lods in the same quad. By @cwfitzgerald in [#3610](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/pull/3610).
```
